# Diary: 2020-07

## 07-30
In the afternoon I reviewed respiratory system and understood that PO2, which may not change under the toxicity of CO, is measured by physical dissolution process.

I started reading a book called 'When changing planes midway' since yesterday evening. It has plenty of short stories about love selected by the editorial department of 'World Literature' magazine. I just finished two of them until now, so more comments should be added in the future.

## 07-29
Today I finished reviewing circulation system part, and I found an intersting thing. Coronary artery in everyone's heart has something similar to coronavirus literally, it may be the next thing that people want to change its name.

One of my high school classmates asked me where to study after graduate one year later. With the same question given by me, Peking University is the answer from D with the major being optics in physics.

The watermelon is sweet, but the humidity is as high as 85% in my bedroom, so the weather today is not pleasant at all despite a little improvement compared with the rainy last month.

## 07-28
Today I spent almost the whole day reviewing physiology, with the specific chapter I completed being blood introduction and part of the circulation system. When I went over the blood type section, I reinforced my knowledge about ABO system and RH system, which have no interference with each other. With particular attention to RH blood type, I noticed that in Han nationality and some others, the ratio of RH+ population is almost 99%, while in Miao nationality and some others the result is not that absolute considering the rate of RH- being as high as about 12%. The data listed in this recently-revised book may not be updated due to the similarity of the description of this issue in Chen Yuezeng General Biology published a few years ago. With the reply of my classmate Y who is a Hmong being ‘unknown’, the question about whether the data is true or whether they know they are RH- may not be answered without further investigation.

I started playing table tennis against the wall since yesterday. I tried to hit the ball with only one eye, and the result is about 50-60% worse than with two eyes. Further observation shows that the location of the small ball can be determined easier in the aspect of whether it being left or right than telling the distance from you. This result is immature and needs further discussion with more detailed evidence.

About yesterday’s unfinished diary, something such as playing table tennis is covered in today’s dairy, and my gitbook about reading notes had covered almost all my Kindle clippings. Other things may not be that important and some of them have been forgotten. So, wish I recall them someday.

## 07-27
Today the outcome of the entrance test for Institute for Genetics and Developmental Biology was sent to me by email with the deadline at 08-02 to determine detailed student type. In order to reduce the casualty of my decision, I accepted to study as an academic master student in the first place. After some of their teachers contacting me via emails, phone calls and messages, I felt exhausted by choosing between Tsinghua and IGDB. In the end, considering the reputation, school environment, self interest and teachers, and further development, I chose Tsinghua University after chatting with my parents at night.

More to write tomorrow, it's too late now, good night.

## 07-26
In the morning I tried to use gitbook to create an online book. There was something wrong when I tried to sign in gitbook.com. But when I switched to Google Chrome from Microsoft Edge, it works well. In the end, I put some of my reading notes on it. More I wish will be updated in this gitbook in the future.

## 07-25
Today I had a phone call with R in the evening.
