# Diary: 2020-08

## 08-04
Today I received my new lamp, but I didn't review physiology. I continued to read literature books in the afternoon and evening without taking any reading notes.

Yesterday the application of detailed plan for returning to school was rejected due to the ambiguous arrival time. After talking with our teacher in QQ group by other students also from Nanjing, we resubmitted it with some notes and information added in the end. The second application was approved.

## 08-03
In the morning I reviewed some part of physiology, and I stopped doing so at 3 p.m. because sufficient light is not available from my bedroom window. Then I used computer to watch some videos and continue with document writing which started yesterday.

## 08-02
When I wanted to review physiology in the morning, I found my desktop lamp was broken. With the noise arising from the renovation by under stairs neighbour, it was difficult to concentrate on the textbook in such a dim and noisy environment!

I cooked three dishes, namely洋葱炒鸡蛋, 芦笋炒肉丝, 包菜肉丝汤, for dinner. All of them taste good.
In the evening we bought a new LED lamp online for future use. Then I began to do some ‘copy-and-paste’ work about the discussion part of previous course on the book ‘The Path of Beauty (美的历程)’. I have finished most of them.

## 08-01
At about 11:30 a.m., the application for returning to school was approved!

In the evening I had a phone call with R. We talked about some books and things about returning to school scheduled at 10th August and the life in low-humidity-and- heating-supplying city Beijing.
